5.0  update - Razor Pages Get Started Tutorial Series (#19859)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/razor-pages/page.md

### Update the layout

1. Change the `<title>` element in the *Pages/Shared/_Layout.cshtml* file to display **Movie** rather than **RazorPagesMovie**.

   [!code-cshtml[](razor-pages-start/sample/RazorPagesMovie30/Pages/Shared/_Layout.cshtml?range=1-6&highlight=6)]

1. Find the following anchor element in the *Pages/Shared/_Layout.cshtml* file.

   ```cshtml
   <a class="navbar-brand" asp-area="" asp-page="/Index">RazorPagesMovie</a>
   ```

1. Replace the preceding element with the following markup:

   ```cshtml
   <a class="navbar-brand" asp-page="/Movies/Index">RpMovie</a>
   ```

The preceding anchor element is a [Tag Helper](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/intro). In this case, it's the [Anchor Tag Helper](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper). The `asp-page="/Movies/Index"` Tag Helper attribute and value creates a link to the `/Movies/Index` Razor Page. The `asp-area` attribute value is empty, so the area isn't used in the link. See [Areas](xref:mvc/controllers/areas) for more information.

1. Save the changes.

> 1. Test the app by clicking on the **RpMovie** link. See the [_Layout.cshtml](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/blob/master/aspnetcore/tutorials/razor-pages/razor-pages-start/sample/RazorPagesMovie30/Pages/Shared/_Layout.cshtml) file in GitHub if you have any problems.

Reviewer: Replace "click" with "select" when possible.

```suggestion
1. Test the app by selecting the **RpMovie** link. See the [_Layout.cshtml](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/blob/master/aspnetcore/tutorials/razor-pages/razor-pages-start/sample/RazorPagesMovie30/Pages/Shared/_Layout.cshtml) file in GitHub if you have any problems.
```
